whats up youtube this is cody here with
iphone hacks com and today i'm going to
be showing you guys a tweet called buddy
lock now what buddy lock allows you to
do as you can see as I tap my finger on
the screen you can see these
applications all here that are all
customizable now all these applications
can be launched straight from the lock
screen now you see this application over
here on the far right it doesn't look
like an application that's because it's
not it is a folder so you can put more
applications inside of that folder if
you wish to so here i have the
calculator the calendar the game center
and the music application and of course
down here you have the camera
application and the slide to unlock
right here you'll also notice that the
font up here is different as well as the
header has some transparency to it now
there are some theming options here so
let's just go ahead and jump into the
settings here and i'll show you exactly
what all you can do with this tweak so
let's go ahead and slide down here go to
buddy lock now you have a kill switch
right there and you can tap that on and
off and there is no respring required so
that's really nice now if we go right
below that into the theming you can see
that there are some themes for the
actual buttons so if we want to change
the theme here we could just go to white
black purple red aqua green or hot pink
let's go ahead and go with purple for
now and let's go to the opacity you can
change that you can change the size of
the icons you can change the margin this
is for just the lock slider so let's go
ahead and make the icons just a little
bit smaller and let's lower the bottom
bottom margin so that's going to make
everything shift down now let's go ahead
and look at the date header will change
the date header will go with purple
there will leave the opacity the same
and here are the theme sidebars which
I'll get to in just a second now the
theme status bar that basically just
means that the status bar is going to be
themed as well so we're going to go
ahead and leave that on and down here
you have the date header text so you can
actually change the font so let's go
ahead and change it to chalk duster
seems like a good one and the font color
will change it to we'll go crazy and go
hot pink
down here are the camera and unlock icon
so you can change the opacity of those
as well as the side margin if you want
to do that and last but not least you
have the opacity and the size of the app
icons will just make this just just a
little bit smaller and will change the
opacity 2.6 okay so let's go ahead and
go back and just to start off with I'll
show you exactly what that did you can
see that it changed the font up here it
changed the background of the date
header to that purple color but it is
transparent so you can see that as well
you can see that this change to purple
and it's square now as well as the
applications right here have some
transparency to them so let's go ahead
and let's just open up an application
straight from the lock screen just like
that just to show you that it does work
and let's go ahead and go back to the
settings is we got some more to look at
so down here is the lock screen apps
this is where you're going to choose all
the applications that you want to use so
let's go ahead and change the first one
to the activator the second one to the
camera now let's not do camera or camera
is already on there will do the clock 3
will do the compass for we will do cydia
and five now if you have the folder
activated the fifth application isn't
going to show up it's just going to show
that folder but we'll go ahead and set
it to mail just for fun now let's go
back now here's where you enable the
folder so if you wanted to turn it on
you would just turn it on just like that
and these are the applications that
you're going to find inside of your
folder so we'll change that to the
calendar will change the second one to
the App Store the third one to display
recorder and the fourth one to Game
Center now here's an option down here
that you can make the apps actually curb
so we'll turn that on just so you can
see what it looks like and now here's
some extras down here and I told you I
was going to tell you about the side
views so if we tap on side views you can
see that you can change the right view
to either your contacts your playlist or
your widgets so I have mine set to the
contact so I'll show you what that does
and my left view is actually the widgets
I don't have any playlists so it's not
going to show up anything up if I set it
to that so I'll show you the widgets and
the contacts here you also have some
date header activations if you want to
set those and you also have some hide
lockscreen items if you want to set
those as well including the
notifications down here and if you want
to be able to swipe away notifications
then you would just leave this little
ticker right on so when you get a
notification you need to swipe to the
left and it's going to swipe it away so
let's go ahead and look at our lock
screen now and see what we've done to it
so you can see that they still have that
transparency to them and all of these
have changed because we set those
differently and you can see it has a
little bit of a curve there as well now
if we go ahead and swipe from the left
these are the widgets that i told you
about so you have bluetooth here you
have Wi-Fi you have airplane mode and
you have notes right there now if we
swipe from the right let's go ahead put
that away then swipe from the right you
have your contact list here so if I just
wanted to call somebody from this all I
have to do is tap on somebody and it'll
ask me if I want to call Bennett or if I
want to call Karen so it's actually a
pretty useful tweak in terms of just
being able to quick access your contacts
your widgets so you can have facebook
and twitter over here as well I just
don't have it installed on my device or
even your playlist if you want to use it
as that so I can't say that I actually
made this lock screen very pretty by
customizing it with purple and pink and
all that good stuff but this is actually
a really cool tweak and it's actually
pretty helpful I mean it has some nice
features to it that you haven't seen all
before like the contact notification
swiping in from the right I mean that's
a pretty nice touch so let me know what
you guys think about buddy lock in the
comments below if you enjoyed this video
please hit that like button if you want
to see more of my videos then go ahead
and subscribe alright guys until next
time this is cody with iphone hacks com
you